New Resource: `azurerm_monitor_data_collection_rule_association` (#17948)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/monitor_data_collection_rule_association.html.markdown

  }

  source_image_reference {
    publisher = "Canonical"
    offer     = "UbuntuServer"
    sku       = "16.04-LTS"
    version   = "latest"
  }
}

resource "azurerm_monitor_data_collection_rule" "example" {
  name                = "example-dcr"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  destinations {
    azure_monitor_metrics {
      name = "example-destination-metrics"
    }
  }
  data_flow {
    streams      = ["Microsoft-InsightsMetrics"]
    destinations = ["example-destination-metrics"]
  }
}

resource "azurerm_monitor_data_collection_endpoint" "test" {
  name                = "example-dce"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
}

# associate to a Data Collection Rule
resource "azurerm_data_collection_rule_association" "example1" {
  name                    = "example1-dcra"
  target_resource_id      = azurerm_linux_virtual_machine.example.id
  data_collection_rule_id = azurerm_monitor_data_collection_rule.example.id
  description             = "example"
}

# associate to a Data Collection Endpoint

> resource "azurerm_data_collection_rule_association" "example1" {

Reviewer: should this be named example2? I tried pasting the code from https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_data_collection_rule_association and hit a 'example1' already exists error from the resource above defined on line 96

Reviewer: also line 106, `data_collection_endpoint_id = azurerm_monitor_data_collection_endpoint.test.id` ?

Author: Thanks for pointing this out, I have submitted another PR #18536 to fix this.

      name = "example-destination-metrics"
    }
  }
  data_flow {
    streams      = ["Microsoft-InsightsMetrics"]
    destinations = ["example-destination-metrics"]
  }
}

resource "azurerm_monitor_data_collection_endpoint" "test" {
  name                = "example-dce"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
}

# associate to a Data Collection Rule
resource "azurerm_data_collection_rule_association" "example1" {
  name                    = "example1-dcra"
  target_resource_id      = azurerm_linux_virtual_machine.example.id
  data_collection_rule_id = azurerm_monitor_data_collection_rule.example.id
  description             = "example"
}

# associate to a Data Collection Endpoint
resource "azurerm_data_collection_rule_association" "example1" {
  name                        = "configurationAccessEndpoint"
  target_resource_id          = azurerm_linux_virtual_machine.example.id
  data_collection_endpoint_id = azurerm_monitor_data_collection_endpoint.example.id
  description                 = "example"
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Data Collection Rule. Changing this forces a new Data Collection Rule to be created.

Reviewer 2: if this cannot be configured to anything but configurationAccessEndpoint should we even be exposing the name? maybe we should remove it>

Reviewer 2: they it sounds like this property should be optional and only required when data_collection_rule_id is configured, and if it is we populate it with configurationAccessEndpoint ?

* `target_resource_id` - (Required) The ID of the Azure Resource which to associate to a Data Collection Rule or a Data Collection Endpoint. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

* `data_collection_endpoint_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Data Collection Endpoint which will be associated to the target resource.

* `data_collection_rule_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Data Collection Rule which will be associated to the target resource.
 
-> **NOTE** Exactly one of `data_collection_endpoint_id` and `data_collection_rule_id` blocks must be specified.

> -> **NOTE** An association of Data Collection Endpoint must be named 'configurationAccessEndpoint'. 

Reviewer 2: this should be below the name property?

Author: I think maybe this description is better
```suggestion
-> **NOTE** If `data_collection_endpoint_id` is specified, this data collection rule association must be named 'configurationAccessEndpoint'. 
```
